Yeah. Hello. Hello, everyone. So
this is Ruth, one with me I
have.
A teacher party and Ganesh
myself abhaya. So the topic is
about cloud migration business
case. We like for American
Airlines.
So basically the views like the
American Airlines is aiming to
improve the customer, their
customer experience through
digital transformation, so.
Their key goals is to integrate
this to the migrate their.
Environment to the cloud, like
modernising the customer facing
applications and overcoming the
legacy constraints.
So to achieve this they are
looking into.
Migrating the vertical workloads
to the cloud, leaving behind the
legacy applications.
So this presentation, we will
see the workloads comparison,
cloud providers and performance
and migration strategy.
So the applications.
That are going to be migrated
for them are like a.com customer
facing mobile applications and
global network of checked in
kiosk and customer website so.
Basically, what are the
workloads for migration is like
the airlines website
thisistheirway.com is their
website official website, so the
airline's website needs to be
scalable on as well as adaptable
to handle the fluctuate the
fluctuations in terms of
volumes. So there will be more
traffic so they have to handle
that. So for the customer facing
mobile applications.
This actually provides the
travel information about and
booking and functionalities of
the applications, so it should
be very scalable and reliable.
So the connectivity should be so
flawless and.
In terms of global network of
checking kiosk.
This, as mentioned it is a
self-service Chios, available
faster, check insurance and
baggage handling at the
airport's. So for in this case
the date doesn't should be
synchronised and the security
should be very.
Like a security.
Will be very good and in cargo
customer website.
This web this application is for
tracking, booking and management
of the tools of the fargos and
so in this case there should be
a secure access for the for the
customers and clients. And this
is very essential.
So.
Next will be taken by John.
OK, sure you can start.
Alright, so hi everyone.
No, there are many cloud
providers that we have and.
Many cloud providers that we
have and we'll basically take
them into like, but there are
basically three leading
contenders of the cloud
provider. So we have AWS, we
have Azure and we have Google
Cloud amongst others.
So regarding this airline.
The the airline, which is the
product that you're working on,
we've actually identified some
of the workloads and we have
greeted them depending on the
leading contending service
provider. So for theaa.com
service, we are looking at
Amazon EC2 instances on Azure.
We are looking at Azure virtual
machines and we are looking at
Google Cloud compete in this and
that's for the complete aspect
of it.
I won't be considering factors
like performance and pricing and
integration with regards to some
of these, and then when you come
to the mobile app services you
are looking at Amazon Mobile
Hub.
Which is also equivalent to
Azure App service and we are
looking at Firebase Google
Cloud.
And this has to be considered
based on the development work
for thieves and Filmworks and
back and services and languages
used in these in building of the
mobile app. When you talk about
the check in kiosk, which is
also a service being offered by
this airline, we are looking at
Amazon API Gateway, Azure API
management and AP G API platform
for Google and this has to be
considered based on the API
management features.
Security. The integration
solutions with regards to taking
care of.
But the cargo website. So we are
looking at Amazon S3 buckets. We
are looking at Azure BLOB
Storage, which is also
equivalent of an object.
An object data platform which is
always a non binary platform. We
are looking at Google Cloud
storage and this has to be
considered based on the data
retrieval times. The lifetime,
the access control, the
permissions and the even though
the attenuation required to get
data and store data within this
particular.
Region. Next slide, please.
Right. So we are talking about
the migration strategies and
tools and we've identified.
So far, many migration
strategies, but we'll have to
start off with the REHOSTING
now. A rehosting is more like a
cost effective option for
migrating workload. And when you
talk about re hosting, we are
considering factors like
minimising migration time and
cost for workloads that aren't
running compete intensive
services.
But the limitation of hosting
may not be as cost effective in
the long run due to the
underutilizing cloud features
like scalability and elasticity.
We'll also talk about the
Replatform and the platform we
have to consider modernising
existing applications to benefit
from cloud features while
minimising code changes, and
this can be improved in many
ways such as performance,
scalability, potential.
Cost compared to pure left and
ship.
We are also talking about the
migration tools and this could
be a little bit beneficial based
on it simplifies and automates
the migration process within
manual efforts and potential
errors.
It also chooses the tool based
on our cloud provider, such as
whether we are using either BS
or whether we are going to use
Azure or whether we are going to
use Google Cloud services.
And all of these are migration,
strategy, lift and ship versus
repatforming. Now additional
factors to consider is security.
We have to ensure that our
applications are secure in the
cloud and that cloud providers
offer security to some best
practises to guide these
applications. We are also
considering downtime for minimal
downtime during migration
whenever we're trying to migrate
the business fees and for also
to minimise disruption of
services. We would also have to
factor in testing and thorough
testing of our applications
after migration should also be
ensured.
So that whenever they get to the
cloud, they can be able to
function properly. I think the
other slide would be carried on
by by other colleague. Thank
you.
Finish.
Denise, are you there? Hello.
Hello, Denise.
Am I audible?
Yeah, you're very much audible.
Hi, Denise.
Is facing some issue with this
mic it seems.
We post the recording.